So let's add http functionalities
by first installing vue resource. I will install it npm so npm install --save vue resource
here
and this will again add it to our dependencies in this project her
and then in the main.js file, I want to import it up here.
So import vue resource here from vue resource, like that
and now of course as the router, we have to use it
so we have to add it here, vue resource like this. With that, we're now able to send requests,
now I want to use or set up my backend. I will use firebase again because that really works well and
it's free,
so it's a great backend for little testing applications like these
and there, I want to go to my console and now the goal is to create a new project, I'll name it vuejs
stock trader, you could choose any name of your, well of your liking basically,
so here I will choose my country then and create this project and I'll see you once I'm in the console.
So I'm inside the project now and the first thing is I'll use the database, so here in the rules of the database,
I'll again grant read and write access to everyone,
so everyone is able to do that,
not the production settings you want to use but great for testing. Thereafter
this is the URL we'll use so
I'm going to copy this because now in my set up here, I want to set up this main URL
we're always reaching out to.
So here I will simply say vue http which I can access after adding vue resource,
so after using vue resource here and on the options, I want to set my route URL to this link
I just copied. So with that, I make sure that all requests will be sent to this link here
and then I add the different things which need to be added, the different,
the path after this main domain here basically.
So that's the set up, with that, looks good,
let's now work on storing our data.